[jazz music playing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[John] Ji Moon died.
He overdosed and he died.
And there it is.
Tragic. but no one should be
too surprised.
That's the story.
I'll leave out the part
where I'm the one who killed him.
[music fades]
[gasping. grunting]
[John] And brought him back to life.
[car engine running]
[thriller music playing]
Hey.
Ji Moon.
Hi. I'm Esther. Welcome to Open Road.
[John] A drug addict on the run from
a gang of dirty cops that want him dead.
Rehab seemed as good a place as any.
Garry's discreet.
I've brought him clients before.
But getting Ji off the grid.
it's just a step.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe he's gone.
All right. Keep working on it.
Uh...
My associate will take you home. okay?
- [whispers] Thank you.
- [whispers] No problem.
- [engine revs]
- [thriller music continues]
[John] I gotta move fast.
The more people know a secret.
the sooner it comes out.
Next up. falsify Ji's death certificate.
Hitchcock's Vertigo had
a nice "faking someone's death" angle.
I'm hoping my version ends
with less excitement.
Sorry. Boss had my car.
so I had to take his.
But we're good.
Info's all there like you gave me.
"Heart failure due to fentanyl overdose.
The remains shipped back
to Korea per family wishes."
The funeral home takes care
of this getting into public record?
No need for a county clerk.
One-stop shopping's what you pay for.
Thank you. Tammy.
Sorry for your loss.
- It's a process.
- Mmm. [chuckles]
Wise guy.
[music fades]
[wind wheel rattling]
[John] Vega has a blind spot.
[intriguing music playing]
He sees Ji as a junkie.
and junkies drop dead all the time.
But he's not stupid.
I have to be thorough.
Last night I was in a hurry.
I left something behind.
[grunts]
[panting]
[thudding]
[music fades]
Almost done.
I'm the sentimental one.
The other guy who cares too much.
He wouldn't be the first to think that.
- [party music playing]
- [exhales]
[John] I'll play my part.
do what's expected.
[John] There's only one response here
that'll be convincing.
- Vega.
- [John] Anger.
- [grunts]
- Hey. hey. Hey. hey. Back up.
Hey.
All right. all right. It's all right.
[John grunting. panting]
I had it coming.
- [deputy 1] Let him go.
- [deputy 2] Go on.
All right. A-All right. everybody.
Back to the party. Come on. come on.
[John]
Hopefully that punch was convincing.
I certainly believed it.
[John] Last stop.
the best part.
Telling Danny his brother is safe.
At least. for now.
[chuckles]
[theme song playing]
[knock on door]
Flybjerg?
1827.
Across the hall. Wait there.
- Thank you.
- [door lock beeps. opens]
- [door lock beeps]
- [sighs]
[door opens]
Hey. One sec.
This fucking Kuwaiti.
We just need him
to leave his bungalow over there
and come sit poolside over here
by the parabolics we got running.
And he won't do it?
[Tom] He won't fucking do it. [groans]
Three days we're sitting around.
- [John] Three days?
- [Tom] Uh-huh.
[John] Let me see.
Maybe he doesn't swim.
We don't want him to swim.
We want him to sit with his friends
and discuss his illicit activities.
Of course. I understand. He'll show.
- Come here. You want anything?
- No. I'm good.
Sorry to make you come
all the way down here.
No. no. no. You're busy.
Thanks for the minute.
- Oh. So. what's up?
- [grunts]
Uh. this case I'm working.
I wanna download you.
Okay.
Let me guess.
it's grown hairy legs and pointy teeth.
Legs. teeth.
and a badge.
Do tell.
She looks like Collins. I kid you not.
- I like Collins. but not that much.
- [Collins] I don't know. man.
- [chuckles]
- [Collins] I... I find myself pretty sexy.
[officers continue chattering]
[Tom] Fucking embarrassment.
You know. most sheriffs are cool.
Good guys. good police.
But there's always been this group of 'em.
Bangers with badges.
Starts in the jails. huh?
The LA Sheriff's Department runs them?
Uh-huh.
That's where they make their connections.
Tell me about Vega.
[stammering] What's his deal here?
What's his angle?
I don't know. Price of fentanyl is down
90% in the Ez4 territory.
And that's his jurisdiction.
- Oh. shit.
- Yeah. yeah.
I mean. I think he's trying
to help someone buy out the market.
but that doesn't make sense.
What we got here is
fire sale in Downer Town.
Yeah. that's it.
But first. Ji Moon.
I gotta... I gotta keep him safe
while I figure out Vega.
- All right. What are you thinking?
- Witness protection.
No.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Hold on. [groans]
Mmm. no.
What you're asking for...
- And let's be honest. in this economy...
- Mm-hmm.
...a $200.000 WITSEC request
for a single witness testimony
against a decorated police officer?
A dirty police officer.
Still a police officer.
Evidence-wise.
y-you gotta move mountains. my man.
Well. how about an eyewitness of Vega
committing capital murder
in a hospital room?
Come on. that's gotta be... I mean...
While that eyewitness is in the midst
of committing a second-degree felony.
You're saying his word's no good?
Praise be.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Copy.
You were right. Pool time.
Look. I'm not saying anything
other than it's a long shot.
- But I will check with my guy...
- [door opens]
- ...at the US Attorneys'.
- Good enough.
- I got to get back.
- [John] Right.
But you know the thing
that's bothering me?
This whole buy-back-the-market thing.
it... [stammers] ...makes no sense.
I know. It means Downer Town.
Downtown. Westlake.
- Yeah.
- [Tom] That's Sergey's market.
[John] I know.
This whole city is Sergey's market.
Okay. Let me reach out to the DA.
I'll let you know what she says.
[John] Thanks.
[door opens]
- [sighs]
- [door closes]
Yeah. he's dead. It's confirmed.
Well. it handled itself.
[smacks lips] I understand.
Yeah. I understand.
[inhales deeply] No more problems. yeah.
[phone beeps]
[John] Vega won't believe his luck.
He'll hope he's in the clear.
But he'll be watching me just in case.
[dreamy music playing]
- [John] That's fine.
- [tour guide] Right here is Stage 17...
[John] Let him watch.
That. you film buffs might recognize
as the second floor reader's department
from Billy Wilder's Sunset Boulevard.
- We're gonna go...
- "There I was. a writer.
- sitting at a window."
- [chuckles]
- You know it. He's a film buff. this guy.
- Yeah. a little bit.
[tour guide] Alfred Hitchcock was
notorious for his disregard of the rules.
So. when the studio bosses moved
his office to a closer location
so that they might keep an eye on him
through its large picture window...
Here we are at the New York back lot
which boasts its very own Brooklyn.
Greenwich Village. Soho...
Audrey Hepburn's Breakfast at Tiffany's
was actually shot right here.
Does anyone here like
Breakfast at Tiffany's?
- I love that movie.
- Yeah. Love.
[tour guide] All right. everyone.
Here we are.
Hope you all enjoyed the tour.
- Have a great day...
- Nice to meet you.
- ...enjoy your flights.
- Bye. all.
- Get home safe. Have a safe flight.
- [tourists] Bye!
[tour guide] Bye-bye.
Hey. I still can't get my head around
that Rear Window story.
I mean. Hitchcock dug down
into the basement of a soundstage
so that he could build a whole
- apartment block inside?
- I know.
- He was a mad man.
- I know. And it worked too.
- Yeah. It worked beautifully.
- [chuckles]
- One more time around. Mr. Sugar?
- Yes. please. Steff.
[chuckles]
[hip-hop music playing]
- Hey. Danny.
- 'Sup?
Teddy wants a word.
[knocks on door]
Sit down.
[groans]
So. Len Pankow says what happened
at this fucking Chinese restaurant.
Japanese.
Why did you do that?
It was right there in hand for you.
Tell me why.
The guy was talking shit. so...
[inhales deeply]
...I'm not gonna be disrespected.
So you disrespect yourself?
You throw away your chances
so you can be like your fucking brother?
Ji's got nothing to do with this.
[in Armenian] Bullshit!
[in English] Look. Teddy. I'm...
I'm grateful for all
that you've done for me.
But if you talk shit one more time
about my brother...
I'm gonna hit you in the face.
[chuckles]
This is fair.
[music stops]
- [wind blowing]
- [leaves rustling]
[car door closes]
[John] While I wait for Tom
to hear back from his prosecutor friend.
I decided to follow up on my other case.
Specifically the professor I saw
meeting with Senator Pavich.
He's gonna help me
get to the bottom of things.
Even if he doesn't know it yet.
[parrot squawks]
What the heck? What the heck?
[squawks] What the heck?
[squawks]
[warbles]
Hello.
[parrot] What the heck?
"What the heck" to you too.
[warbles. squawks]
What the heck? What the heck?
[squawks] What the heck?
[warbles]
[parrot squawks]
[door opens]
Sorry. baby boy.
I forgot my planner. my breath mints.
- Monty. it's me.
- [Monty] What the heck? What the heck?
- [squawking]
- Dada forgot his planner.
Look. I'll be home in a couple hours.
[stammers] Oh. come on.
You be a good boy... [stutters]
...I'll be home
and we'll watch The Bachelorette. okay?
- [squawks softly]
- I love you.
- [Monty warbling]
- [door opens. closes]
[car door closes]
[vehicle departing]
Yeah. that was close.
[squawks]
["As Time Goes By" playing on piano]
Good evening. Mr. Sugar.
Good evening. Elinor.
You know what this is from?
Of course.
Beautiful.
It is.
[inhales] Table for one?
Um...
Not tonight. Thank you.
Okay.
[piano continues faintly]
[piano fades]
[automated voice]
You have no new messages.
[buzzes]
Second group. third wave. California.
John Sugar.
I'm still here if anyone else is.
[melancholic music playing]
[sighs]
[John] It'd be nice to talk to someone.
[sniffles]
I'm still here if anyone else is.
Second group. third wave. California.
John Sugar.
[exhales deeply. grunts]
It'd be...
It'd be nice to talk to someone.
[breathes deeply]
[line ringing]
[John] Hey. Melanie.
Mmm. no. I-I called Jonathan to catch up.
and he gave me your new number.
No. no. no. [stutters] I. uh... I didn't go.
I stayed behind.
I hear you're on tour with your band.
How's that going?
Paris? And-And was I right?
[John] You've never been to Paris?
Nope.
[chuckles]
No? [chuckles] Yeah.
Hey. how's... How's Wylie doing?
Oh.
Yeah. yeah. no. I-I get it.
Yeah. you're busy.
Yeah. we'll see each other
when you get back.
[phone beeps]
[clock ticking]
[grunting]
[inaudible]
[clock continues ticking rapidly]
[ticking slows down]
- [ticking stops]
- [grunts. breathing heavily]
Okay. so "prove it" is the problem?
[John] Yep.
What if Chuy had the same problem?
His word against some cop's. it wasn't
gonna be enough. and he knew that.
- So. what does he do?
- I'm listening.
[Val] He gets more evidence.
but how does he get more evidence?
- He's young. Gen Z. right?
- Yeah.
[scoffs] To him. what's the only thing in
the world that makes another thing real?
Uh... [exhales deeply]
- [sighs] Video on his phone.
- Exactly.
Huh. all right.
Yeah. the hospital should've released. uh.
Chuy's belongings to his grandmother.
so ask her if you can check his phone.
- Me ask?
- Yeah.
Why would I go back to Downer Town?
It's a closed case for me.
Plus. you know. it's your idea.
All right.
Where are you going in that sweater?
Out.
Yeah. out where?
Uh. to meet someone.
You got a lot of secrets. bro. [chuckles]
So do you.
Right. touché.
I'm gonna go get that phone.
- All right. Let me know how it goes.
- I will.
[John] I never liked the deception part
of the job.
The lying didn't come naturally at first.
but I gotta admit.
over the years. I've gotten better at it.
And sometimes.
for a good cause. it's necessary.
[John] Wow.
They're really. uh. starting to flower.
I was worried.
You know. with so little rain that...
Cochineal nopal.
They seem so delicate.
[clears throat] Yep.
You know. they're not.
They just look that way.
[John] Sorry?
The cochineal nopal.
Opuntia cochenillifera.
Prickly pear. They're...
They're tougher than they look.
They're really efficient at storing water.
[John] You mind?
You know. all they need is
a little sun and time. and they'll flower.
[sucks teeth] You study xerophytes?
Mm-mmm. No. I mean. I just started.
I'm hooked already.
- [chuckles]
- You?
Mmm. Yeah. it's a...
It's a hobby I enjoy.
Yeah. I just...
I admire them.
Really? In-In what ways?
Um...
In their ability to not just survive
but thrive on the bare minimum.
Beauty in the face of adversity.
That kind of thing. You know what I mean?
[chuckling] I do.
[chewing]
[sighs]
[sighs. singing indistinctly in Korean]
[scoffs]
[continues singing indistinctly]
[stops singing]
[sniffles. sobs]
[John] No video?
[Val] No phone at all.
His grandma. such a nice lady.
Yeah. she is.
[Val] You know. she showed me
his stuff from the hospital. but nothing.
Which is. like. impossible.
Yeah. it's strange.
Everyone-Everyone has a phone.
- [Val] Maybe the cop took it?
- It's possible.
Took Ji's phone when they left the cabin.
[Val] Shit.
[sighs] It was a good idea. Val.
[Val] What now?
What do we do?
[John] We keep trying to make
a case against Vega.
[John] Maybe my tastes are changing.
It can happen. I've seen it before.
Oh. Uh. restaurant's closed.
- Yeah.
- Um...
We can make you something simple.
Maybe a salad. or a vegetable plate?
Hmm.
You know... [stutters] ...Um...
I've never had a cheeseburger.
Mmm.
[chuckles]
[suitcase rattling]
[clears throat] Hey.
I thought you left.
I had to go to London last minute.
now I'm back.
I'm glad.
And I-I'm sorry.
You know. my job.
sometimes I. um... [inhales sharply]
Thank you for your note.
Late night snack? [exhales deeply]
Uh. yeah.
It's a... [stammers] ...cheeseburger.
[porter] Ms. Fischer.
I'll take this for you.
Yeah. what do you mean? A studio tour?
Like. for tourists?
Yeah. checks out.
He likes movies. so he goes on a tour.
And what about this guy in Echo Park?
Oh. yeah. uh. Dr. Stanley. uh.
Onda... Ondaatje.
professor of Applied Engineering.
Yeah. well.
that doesn't sound like us at all.
That's what I'm saying. We're good.
Quit grinding. go home.
[grunts]
Hey. Christopher.
I'll go home when I fucking feel like it.
You know what I mean?
[chuckles]
[helicopter blades whirring]
[John] Val had the right idea
about Chuy's phone.
but Vega found it first. right?
Or... what am I missing?
[in Spanish] Was Jesus still
in touch with her at all?
[Mrs. Jaquez] Yes. they were best friends.
Confidants.
[sobs]
[in English] Sandra.
I went back to where we spoke before.
but Sandra wasn't there.
I asked around. I looked all over.
The tunnels. the underpasses.
the tent cities beside freeways.
It took me a while.
But...
I found her. Eventually.
And I wished I hadn't.
Overdose.
[sighs]
This place breaks your heart.
[grunts]
[clears throat] Teddy wants a word.
Okay.
Moon.
Hey. What's up?
What's up is you need to apologize to my
friend here. or I'm gonna kick your ass.
Your friend's a fucking asshole.
[breathes heavily]
But you were cool.
You know. you gave me a shot.
and... and I fucked it up. so...
Yeah. I'll apologize to you.
Sorry.
I'm gonna kick your ass anyway.
In Las Vegas.
[laughing]
Wait. what? Are you... Are you serious?
The fight's still on?
Totally.
You're right.
My friend here is a serious asshole.
And you still haven't signed
your contracts.
Congratulations.
Now go tell everybody the good news.
[chuckles]
[cheering]
Let's fucking go!
So. yeah. drug overdose.
Hypoxia.
Brain doesn't get enough oxygen.
coma. death. Drug overdose.
- Hmm.
- My fifth of the day.
They say the city-wide rates are way down.
but I don't know.
Seems busier than ever to me.
Thank you.
Why the colored tags?
WTNs.
"Who To Notify."
Um. a green tag would mean
that the. uh. deceased has survivors
that are known and notified.
And. uh. red tag means the.
uh. survivors are. uh...
Known but awaiting notification.
And the blue tag means unknown.
Unknown like a John Doe?
[technician] John Doe. Jane Doe...
It just means they're dead
and there's no one to tell.
Let me know
when you guys are finished here.
- I wanna go over your supply sheets.
- Yeah.
Thanks. fellas.
[car engine stops]
[car door opens. closes]
[door opens]
[John] This case...
the more I try and wrap it up
and tie it down.
the more it claws back at me.
It's gonna get worse
before it get's better.
[piano playing]
Hey.
Hello.
[breathes heavily]
- Look. I'm really. really sorry.
- You should be.
I mean. everyone has secrets.
And everyone wants them kept secret. so...
you know. since my job is...
It's not always.
but often to uncover them.
So. cameras in your room.
Yes. so cameras in my room.
Which again. it's-it's no excuse.
No. but it's an explanation.
And if I'm being honest. and I mean.
painfully honest.
I came on a little strong.
- No. I don't think so.
- Yeah. I did.
- Well. if you did. I-I didn't mind it.
- [chuckles]
I think because...
Well. this is my life.
Traveling. Hotels.
hotel restaurants. hotel bars.
I'm not complaining. I chose it.
For the most part. I love it.
There are some nice hotels in the world.
Some really nice hotel bars.
And this one ranks way up there.
but... [inhales sharply]
Anyway. [exhales deeply]
Gets lonely.
[inhales deeply]
There's this. uh. one joke I remember.
It's pretty bad. but it's the only one
I can ever remember.
- Oh. yeah?
- [host] Your table's ready. Ms. Fischer.
- Okay. one second.
- [John] Uh-oh.
- Let's hear it.
- [sucks teeth]
Okay. What's the. uh...
What's the one fruit
that never gets lonely?
- The only fruit that never gets...
- That never gets lonely. Mmm.
Give up?
A pear?
Yeah.
- [snickering] Oh. my God. That was it?
- Told you.
- I told you it wasn't funny.
- Oh. my God. your face.
- Your one joke and I guessed it.
- Yeah.
- [clears throat] Enjoy your meal.
- [chuckles] You too.
Another cheeseburger?
Maybe. It was pretty good.
Yeah. I might get one too.
[romantic music playing]
Wanna sit together?
Sure.
[romantic music continues]
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
- I'll be back with a menu and silverware.
[John] Standing on the roof
of the Peace Hotel
and watching the building lights
shimmering on the Huangpu River.
- Shanghai's cool.
- [John] Yeah.
[exhales deeply]
You ever see The Lady From Shanghai?
Orson Welles. Rita Hayworth?
Oh. my God.
This is like your fifth movie reference.
- [chuckles] No. it's not.
- [chuckles] At least.
"This reminds me of that movie."
"This is like that movie."
- Guess I love movies.
- Yes. you do.
Breakfast menu?
Shit. What time is it?
[exclaims] I gotta get to work.
I gotta go. Sorry. [kisses]
Charlotte.
Maybe we'll go see a movie sometime.
Maybe we will.
[footsteps departing]
[inhales deeply]
[sighs]
[sighs. breathes deeply]
You going to hell. John.
[John breathes heavily]
There's no such thing.
Yeah. you know what I mean.
Cheeseburgers. sex. murder.
That's how assimilation happens.
One thing after another.
["In Dreams" playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org